README.md, before:

#  RE:TERNAL
-------------

<img src="https://i.postimg.cc/7hwhx4Dp/reternal.png" alt="Drawing" style="width: 300px;"/>

![version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-Alpha_0.0.1-orange.svg)

---------------------

RE:TERNAL is a centralised purple team simulation platform. Reternal uses agents installed on a simulation network to execute various known
red-teaming techniques in order to test blue-teaming capabilities. The simulations are mapped to the MITRE ATT&CK framework. This repo contains configuration files that map reternal commands to MITRE techniques. The current techniques are based on the existing META configuration  (https://github.com/uber-common/metta) but reformatted to support reternal's internal command scheduler (+ implemented several structual changes to the format). The script to directly import the mapping files to the reternal backend is available in the Quickstart repository.

#### Component installation
Please visit https://github.com/d3vzer0/reternal-quickstart for a complete overview of all the components and a quickstart tutorial in order to get everything up and running.

Commit message:

Added initial fork of Mordor for campaign replay

README.md, after:

#  RE:TERNAL
-------------

<img src="https://i.postimg.cc/7hwhx4Dp/reternal.png" alt="Drawing" style="width: 300px;"/>

![version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-Alpha_0.0.1-orange.svg)

---------------------

RE:TERNAL is a centralised purple team simulation platform. Reternal uses agents installed on a simulation network to execute various known
red-teaming techniques in order to test blue-teaming capabilities. The simulations are mapped to the MITRE ATT&CK framework. This repo contains configuration files that map reternal commands to MITRE techniques. The current techniques are based on the existing META configuration  (https://github.com/uber-common/metta) but reformatted to support reternal's internal command scheduler (+ implemented several structual changes to the format). The script to directly import the mapping files to the reternal backend is available in the Quickstart repository. Additionally 

#### Contents
- /techniques: C2 modules and commands mapped to MITRE ATTCK
- /validations: Sigma rules (https://github.com/Neo23x0/sigma) to validate rules agains the running campaign 
- /datasets: Mordor campaigns (https://github.com/hunters-forge/mordor.git) to ingest a pre-built dataset instead of executing a live campaign. 

#### Component installation
Please visit https://github.com/d3vzer0/reternal-quickstart for a complete overview of all the components and a quickstart tutorial in order to get everything up and running.
